Total paint
No more need.
That's how I want to play.
But General Manager Shen here is too noisy.
Let's go somewhere quiet.
I'll serve you well.
I like it here.
General Director Shen, but I'm in pain, can you release me first?
Then let you kill me.
Director Shen, are you kidding me?
People just want to make money.
How can you do something like murder?
Guns and masks in the toilet are
You tried to kill me after you put on makeup.
There's no evidence of the trajectory anymore, is there?
And after you want to come with me and kill me.
Convenient to exit
Right, Director Shen?
- Are you kidding me?
Do you know why I know about you?
Because your employer betrayed you.